co-authentication updates (#7730)
auth0/docs: articles/cross-origin-authentication/fingerprinting.md

---
# Fingerprinting of Username + Password Login Requests

> Auth0 has announced a [vulnerability](https://auth0.com/blog/managing-and-mitigating-security-vulnerabilities-at-auth0/) in all versions of Lock (<11) and auth0.js (<9). We strongly recommend that all users of legacy versions migrate to the newest, most secure versions immediately. Support for conducting logins with a username and password with these versions is now deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth0 has announced a [vulnerability](https://auth0.com/blog/managing-and-mitigating-security-vulnerabilities-at-auth0/) in all versions of Lock (<11) and auth0.js (<9). We strongly recommend that all users of legacy versions migrate to the newest, most secure versions immediately. Support for conducting logins with a username and password with these versions is no longer supported, and in most cases, not possible.
```

Reviewer: (Deprecated is the wrong word to use since the endpoints are already end-of-life.)
